Legal 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
These General Terms and Conditions set out the terms and conditions applying to and governing the usage of the Even & Odds app - technology which connects clients with service providers to help them get immediate assistance with their requested services. 
 
The term "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the Even & Odds app, a private limited company, founded in the Republic of South Africa. 
 
In order to use Even & Odds app, you must agree to the terms and conditions that are set out below: 
 
1. Using the Even & Odds app 
 
1.1 Even & Odds provides online marketplace that connects freelancers with nearby clients allowing them to find immediate help with various services and does not provide any sort of services. All listed services are provided by service providers under a contract with the client.  
Service Providers provide their services on an independent basis (either in person or via a company) as economic and professional service providers. Disputes arising from consumer rights, legal obligations or from law applicable to the provision of any services will be resolved between the client and service providers. Data regarding the service providers and their services is available in the Even & Odds app and receipts for any services rendered are saved onto the application. 
 
1.2 When using the Even & Odds app, a client can pay the service provider for the services by the use of Even & Odds in-App Payment. Payments for Even & Odds Business services are handled by a separate agreement for Business journeys. Charges will be inclusive of applicable taxes where required by law. Charges may include other applicable fees, tolls, and/or surcharges including a booking fee, municipal tolls, airport surcharges or processing fees for split payments. 
 
1.3 During the installation of Even & Odds app, user's mobile number is linked to the respective Even & Odds user account and added to our database. If the user is no longer using the mobile number, Even & Odds must be notified within 7 days so we can anonymize the account data. If the user fails to notify us about any change to phone number, the mobile operator might pass the same mobile number to a next person and when using Even & Odds app, this new person can see your data. 
 
 
2. Promotional Codes 
 
2.1 Even & Odds may send you promotional codes on a per promotion basis. Promotional code credit can be applied towards payment on completion of a service or other features or benefits related to the service and/or a Third Party's service and are subject any additional terms that are established on a per promotional code basis. Expiration dates of promo codes will be reflected in-app once you have applied the promo code to your account. 

 2.2 If your service amount exceeds the redeemable credit allocated to your service, the balance will be deducted from your accounts payment method. Similarly, a promotional code credit only applies on a per service basis and cannot carry over to a next service and therefore will be forfeited. A promotional code may only be applied once on a service. 
 
2.3 Even & Odds reserves the right to cancel any promotional code at any time for any reason without prior notice. This includes, but is not limited to, if Even & Odds deems that codes are being used in an unlawful or fraudulent manner, those issued mistakenly, and those which have expired. 
 
3. Even & Odds in-App Payment 
 
3.1 A client can pay for the services rendered with a card, mobile carrier billing and other payment methods, which require prior activation in the Even & Odds app. By providing Even & Odds in-App Payment service, Even & Odds acts as commercial agent for the providers of the services. A client is responsible for ensuring that the payment takes place and ensuring that sufficient funds are available. 
 
3.2 When making payments by Even & Odds in-App Payment, Even & Odds receives client’s payments and forwards money to the service provider. Even & Odds may ask additional data to verify payment method. 
 
3.3 Even & Odds will be responsible for the functioning of Even & Odds in-App Payment and provide support in resolving problems. The resolution of disputes related to Even & Odds in-App Payment also takes place through us. For payment support service please contact: info@Even & Odds.com. 
 
3.4 A service provider other than a user registered as a home owner will be subject to an annual membership subscription of R50 for the use of Even & Odds app. This annual subscription will be renewed automatically, subject to cancellation or suspension of the account. A commission of 10% will be charged to any service rendered by the service provider. 
A user registered as a home owner will be subject to an annual membership subscription of R70 for the use of Even & Odds app. This annual subscription will be renewed automatically, subject to cancellation or suspension of the account. 
 
4. Ordering and cancelling services 
 
4.1 When a client select and confirms to receive services from a particular service provider, then the service is considered to be ordered. 
 
4.2 The ordered service will automatically render as a standard service agreement between the two parties. The parties may agree to additional terms and conditions over and above the standard service agreement. Even & Odds does not provide any sort of services and is not a party to any agreement between the two parties involved. 
 
4.3 A client is allowed to cancel the ordered service(s) at any time until 1 hour before the service is set to start without incurring any penalties. However, should a client cancel the contract within 
1 hour before the service is scheduled to start, the client will be liable to pay a penalty fee of 7% of the service amount. This fee will be withheld from the amount already paid and only 93% will be refunded back to the client. 
A service provider is allowed to cancel the ordered service(s) at any time until 1 hour before the service is set to start without incurring any penalties. However, should a service provider cancel the contract within 1 hour before the service is scheduled to start, the service provider will be liable to pay a penalty fee of 7% of the service amount. This fee will be deducted from the next service to be rendered by the service provider in addition to a commission fee of 10%. 
4.4 Should disputes arise after the service has started, it is both the parties responsibility to resolve the issue on their own. Should they fail to do so, any dissatisfied party can lodge a complaint on the Even & Odds app with the service information. The client is encouraged to not end the service as this will release funds to the service provider. 
 
4.5 If a client cancels an ordered service on multiple successive instances within 24-hours, we may temporarily block the account for warning. After multiple such warnings, we may suspend the account for a period 6 months. After that period, the user can ask to reactivate their account and the application will be reviewed by Even & Odds. 
 
  5. License to use Even & Odds app 
 
5.1 As long as you comply with these General Terms and Conditions, we agree to grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, right to access and use the Even & Odds app in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions, the Privacy Notice and the applicable app-store terms. You may not transfer or sub-license this right to use the Even & Odds app. In the event that your right to use Even & Odds app is cancelled, the corresponding non-exclusive license will also be cancelled. 
 
6. Liability 
 
6.1 Your safety is your responsibility. Even & Odds will not be held responsible for any criminal offences suffered as a result of using the Even & Odds app. 
6.2 As the Even & Odds app is online marketplace that connects freelancers with nearby clients allowing them to find immediate help with various services, we cannot guarantee or take any responsibility for the quality or defects in the provision of any service. As the usage of Even & Odds app depends on the clients’ preference of the service provider, Even & Odds does not guarantee that service providers will always have offers available for the provision of the services, therefore Even & Odds will not be liable for any loss of income or refund of membership amount paid. 
 
6.2 The Even & Odds app does not offer or broker any sort of services for clients, and it is also not a transport service agency. The Even & Odds app is used as the means for organizing the provision of services. 
 
6.3 The Even & Odds app is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Even & Odds does not represent, warrant or guarantee that access to Even & Odds app will be uninterrupted or error free. In case of any faults in the software, we will endeavour to correct them as soon as possible, but 
please keep in mind that the functioning of the app may be restricted due to occasional technical errors and we are not able to guarantee that the app will function at all times, for example a public emergency may result in a service interruption. As a result of the Even & Odds app being temporarily unavailable, Even & Odds is not responsible for any damages suffered by any party thereof. 
 
6.4 Even & Odds, its representatives, directors and employees are not liable for any loss or damage that you may incur as a result of using Even & Odds app or relying on the service contracted for through the Even & Odds app, including but not limited to: any direct or indirect property damage or monetary loss; loss of profit; loss of business, contracts, contacts, goodwill, reputation and any loss that may arise from interruption of the business; loss or inaccuracy of data; and any other type of loss or damage. 
 
6.5 You will have the right to claim for damages only if Even & Odds has deliberately violated the contract.  
6.6 Even & Odds will not be liable for the actions or inactions of any party and will not be liable for damages that are caused by any party. 
 
6.7 Even & Odds may immediately end your use of the Even & Odds app if you breach these General Terms and Conditions or we consider it necessary to protect the integrity of Even & Odds or the safety of service providers. 
6.8 Any damages caused to the property of any party should be resolved by the parties on their own. Even & Odds is not liable for such damages 
 
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER  
 
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE Even & Odds APPLICATION MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. Even & Odds AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE Even & Odds APPLICATION AT ANY TIME. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA THE Even & Odds APPLICATION SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR PERSONAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION. 
Even & Odds AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE Even & Odds APPLICATION FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. 
Even & Odds AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
   
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL Even & Odds AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE Even & Odds APPLICATION, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE Even & Odds APPLICATION OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE Even & Odds APPLICATION, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE Even & Odds APPLICATION, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF Even & Odds OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE Even & Odds APPLICATION, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE Even & Odds APPLICATION. 
  
SERVICE CONTACT: even.odd72@gmail.com 
 
  7. Good practice using the Even & Odds app 
 
7.1 As Even & Odds is not a provider or broker of any sort of services, any issues with defects or quality of the services will be resolved between the two parties or the relevant public authority. 
 
7.2 We ask to fill out a feedback form in the Even & Odds app. This enables us to offer suggestions to the service providers for improving the quality of their service. 
 
7.3 We expect that you use Even & Odds app in good faith and be respectful to all users on Even & Odds app. Even & Odds retains the right to close your account if you have violated the terms set out in this General Terms and Conditions or if your activities are malicious, i.e. withholding payment for the provision of the services, fraud, being disrespectful towards the service providers, etc. In these cases, your Even & Odds app account may be revoked without prior notice. 
 
7.4 Even & Odds will make every effort to ensure that only service providers, who have integrity and are respectful of their profession and clients, use the Even & Odds app. However, we are in no 
position to guarantee that every provider of the services, located by the Even & Odds app, satisfies the aforementioned criteria at all times. If you experience objectionable service, please notify the company responsible for the service, a supervisory authority or our customer support. 
 
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE 
As a condition of your use of Even & Odds Application, you warrant to Even & Odds that you will not use the Even & Odds Application for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Even & Odds Application in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Even & Odds Application or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Even & Odds Application. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Even & Odds Applications.  
 
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES 
Even & Odds Application may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: 
 
Defame, Abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.  
Publish, Post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.  
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.  
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.  
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.  
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.  
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.  
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.  
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.  
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.  
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.  
Keep all communications within the Even & Odds app, should there be any complaints that are referred to Even & Odds, no information administered outside of the Even & Odds app communication channels will be admissible in the process of resolving the issues. 
 
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.  
Even & Odds has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Even & Odds reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Even & Odds reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.  
Even & Odds reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Even & Odds’s sole discretion. 
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Even & Odds does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Even & Odds specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Even & Odds spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Even & Odds. 
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials. 
 
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO Even & Odds OR POSTED AT ANY Even & Odds APPLICATION  
  
Even & Odds does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Even & Odds including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Even & Odds Application or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Even & Odds its affiliated companies and necessary sublicenses permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission. 
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Even & Odds is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Even & Odds’s sole discretion.  
 
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions. 
 
 
8. Amendments to the General Terms and Conditions 
 
8.1 should any substantial amendments are made to the General Terms and Conditions, you will be notified by e-mail or Even & Odds app notifications. If you continue using Even & Odds app, you will be deemed to accept the amendments. 
 
9. Final Provisions 
 
The General Terms and Conditions will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Republic of South Africa. If the respective dispute resulting from General Terms or Agreement could not be settled by the negotiations, then the dispute will be finally solved in High Court of The Republic of South Africa. If any provision of the General Terms is held to be unenforceable, the parties will substitute for the affected provision an enforceable provision that approximates the intent and economic effect of the affected provision. 
 
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:  All contents of the Even & Odds Application are: Copyright 2020 by Even & Odds and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved. 
 
TRADEMARKS  The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.  
 
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.  
 
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. 
 
 